wednesday 28 May

-Celebrate(v) - New year/weadding/birtday/anniversary of death.
-give someone newyear's greetings.
the old students usually give their teachers New year's greetings on the thirdday of New year.

celebrate 'selereit'
decorate 'dekereit'

help SO to do STH I'll help you to wash up : to se rua bat
help SO do STH I'll help you wash up : to phu ban rua bat.

no loitering: cấm tụ tập
loitering: lảng vảng

militery area: khu quân sự
join the armu
do the militery serive

occidental people/ dân phương Tây Gregorian lịch.
oriental people/ dân phương Đông 

parent- grand parents - great grand parents 

the flower is symbolic of NY in the Sourth is Apricot blossom Câu gián tiếp

the flower symbols for NY in Sourth is Apricot blossom Câu trực tiếp

The flower that symbolizes Tet in southern Vietnam is the apricot blossom

The flower symbol for the New Year in the South is the apricot blossom.

fit (V)/(A) for

suitable (A) for

your shirt fits for your body
S            V        O

your shirt is fit for your body

becoming to 

peach blossom doest's fits for hot weather in the South Vietnam
or peach blossom is not fit for hot weather in the South Vietnam

East or West home the best.

I will I were at home now

I will you was at here

negotiate thương lượng.

There  is no flood in here but there used to be flood in here.

I used to take a bath in the rain without clothes.

why aren't there 

there is/are

there used to be a graveyard in here.

rubbish lot bãi rác

Chủ's + sth/so

my wife's father

uncle/aunt

Mononym: đồng âm dị nghĩa

Antonym:

Synonym

alive language
dead language
